#simplified e-commerce system

The purpose of this project is to make sure that you understand and are familiar with the concepts covered in the lectures, including distributed computing, multithreading, thread definition, creation, management, synchronization, cooperation, event-driven programming, client and server architecture, service execution model of creating a new thread for each request, the performance of parallel computing, and the impact of multi-core processors to multithreading programs with complex coordination and cooperation. Furthermore, you are able to apply these concepts in a programming project.

Operation Scenario of the e-commerce system is outlined below:
(1) The ChickenFarm uses a pricing model to calculate the chicken price. If the new price is lower than the previous price, it emits an event and calls the event handlers in the retailers that have subscribed to the event.
(2) A Retailer evaluates the price, generates an OrderObject (consisting of multiple values), and sends the order to the Encoder to convert the order object into a plain string.
(3) The Encoder converts the object into a string.
(4) The Encoder sends the encoded string back to the caller.
(5) The Retailer sends the encoded string to one of the free cells in the MultiCellBuffer.
(6) The ChickenFarm receives the encoded string from the MultiCellBuffer and sends the string to the Decoder for decoding.
(7) The Decoder sends the OrderObject to the ChickenFarm. The decoded object must contain the same values generated by the Retailer.
(8) The ChickenFarm creates a new thread to process the order;
(9) The OrderProcessingThread processes the order, e.g., checks the credit card number and calculates the amount.
(10) The OrderProcessingThread sends a confirmation to the retailer and prints the order.
